Added: alt attribute to few images (#19626)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/styling_text/typesetting_a_homepage/index.md

The following screenshot shows an example of what the finished design could look like:

> ![A screenshot of the finished design of the 'Community school website homepage' text styling assessment. The heading reads 'St Huxley's Community College'. It has few paragraphs which imply the importance of college to Students. It has a list of links of the top course choices offered by the college. There is a vertical navigation bar on the right-hand side of the screen that has buttons to navigate to different pages of the website.](example2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A screenshot of the finished design of the 'Community school website homepage' text styling assessment. The heading reads 'St Huxley's Community College'. There is a red line separating the banner header from the content. The main content has three columns. The first, widest column has a few paragraphs which imply the importance of college to Students. The second column has a list of links to the top course choices offered by the college. The third column contains a vertical navigation bar with rectangular outlined button links to different sections of the website.](example2.png)
```
